Contrib section (#1367)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: content/1_General/Working_MDX.mdx

---
id: working-mdx
title: Working With MDX
author: Nathan Wang
description:
  'Explanation of the frontmatter that precedes every module and solution, a
  list of custom components that may be used within modules or solutions.'
prerequisites:
  - modules
---

> We're using [MDX](https://mdxjs.com/), a superset of Markdown. HTML and React

Reviewer: maybe mention somewhere that the compiler is xdm so `<` and `>` need to be escaped

```

The ID of the solution frontmatter must be the same as the unique ID of the

> problem. Make sure to also update the problem metadata to `'internal'` for any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
problem. Make sure to also update the `kind` of the `solutionMetadata` to `'internal'` for any
```
maybe this is more accurate?

associated problems. We assume that if there is an internal solution, we should
use it; therefore, the build will throw an error if there is an internal

> solution but the problem metadata isn't set to `'internal'`. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
solution but the `solutionMetadata`'s `kind` isn't set to `'internal'`. The
```
